Signing and Signature analysis:

now we want to tackle signatures and signature fields. 


Let's start with signing. 
When user clicks unsigned empty signature field popup should open.
1. Select visual representation:
a) input Name and select Font
b) Upload Image
d) Draw Signature on Screen (touch/mouse)
c) Invisible
2. Select Certificate (Chain) to Sign
a) Upload Key Material (p12, pem, jks, ....) - might be multiple Files
b) Backen will try to figure out what it got (Cert, Key, Cert-Chain) and Show the Details and maybe denote what might still be missing (e.g. private key is missing, cert chain is missing, etc.)
d) User can Upload additional files until all is provided (UI will always tell what we already got and what is still missing). As soon as everything is uploaded ask user for password(s) of key and keystore only if needed.
e) for missing cert-chain offer to try to find/download it online (if that makes any sense)
f) Offer to build a selfsigned Cert/Key (Ask user to provide Info like Name, etc. for the cert)
3. Chose what to sign and what to exclude (Let user select excluded form fields if needed), chose sign mode (Formfillingallowed, etc. modes), let user choose Pades-Profile
4. do the signing (use EU DSS Framework with PDFBox), try to do AES (Advanced electronic Signature)
Nee really helpful and descripe all the options in much Details and also have Links to additional Information. 
5. Signing should also be a Pending Operation, but Operations before the signature cannot be undone without also undoing the signatures after it. Tell an warn the user if he's trying to apply signature breaking changes after the signing operation. Data for the signing Operation is keep in the Pending Operation (calculated by the backend). On Save it is sent from frontend to backend and beeing applied.

Everything is stored in the Browser (Key Material, Visual Setup, not passwords!) Browser and User can chose from Stored data when signing or delete / create new stored record.


Now to existing Signatures:
1. Add new Tab "Signatures"
2. List Signature Fields there (Signed and still unsigned)
3. For the Signed Fileds provide as much infromation as possible. What exactly was signed (can we visualize the byte-range somehow? maybe by listing the excluded parts in human readbale format?)
4. Validate The signature with DSS for gathering as much Information as possible in the UI. Also make the DSS-Validation result accessible 
in the UI (but with our Styling)
5. Make sure the visual Representation is used in the UI for rendering of already signed fields.
6. Figure out, what changes after the signature (for existing documents) are susceptible to breaking the signature (in other tools like adobe, etc.) and list those as much as possible even if DDS said it's fine, it might be broken elsewhere.
7. Do signature analysis only when User enters the Signature Tabs (because of performance). Do not show the tab if there arent any signatures.
8. Save and Restore the Signature-Tab-State on Reload.

Suggest Additinal things that might be missing or helpfull additions. 

