
Structural view:
	for dictionaries in the structural view one should not only be able to edit entries, 
	but also delete them or add new ones (offer support according to what type of dict 
	this is and what is allowed/usefull in this dict)
	Dictionary items in the tree should have more information 
	circular references should still be expandable and viewable in the ui!
	Error message in UI disappear to fast (let them stay and user must click them to remove) and red text und dark background not readable.
	All resources shall have a working "download" button (send good filename) and "open in tab" button (send correct mediatype and filename). 
	click on links is no jumping anywhere
	attachments handling (new tab) is missing
	remove the "pages" tab
	image-nodes shall have the view, download and delete buttons, not only the smask 
	click on bookmark should jump to bookmark in the pdf viewer
	
	
	


form field editor
	Insert field seem to be "incomplete",may the widget or appearance is missing? signature are not shown in adobe, test fields are, checkbox/radio is visible but not clickable/changeable.
	Must be able to modify/delete all existing form fields
	editor mode always active, remove button and move editor toolbar into top menubar. 
	adding new fields should not auto save and reload. add a "save" button instead.
	All form-fields should have an "options" popup with all possible settings for this field. (Button in toolbar when a field is selected
	or multiple fields (via ctrl clicks) are selected)
	on multiselect, options popup controls become three way controls for boolean (leave as is, turn allon turn all of), changing
	other options sets modified value on all controls (ad "override" checkbox to all values in multiselect case).
	Existing Form fields shall have a handle to move or resize them. 
	When adding a field it will apear to the last field ("next line") same size as previous field, 
	and then the user can change options on it (via button on the handle rect) or drag it around, resize it, change value, etc.
	Field value must be changeable in the tree
	Combo box choices must be configurable via the UI

Font:
	shall display the actual character map or glyph table in full detail 
	help functions to find potential rendering issues, explain them and allow to fix them if possible.
	shall detect specific missing glyphs (would require rendering each character)
	shall visualize font usage areas on the page
	must detect Fonts used in XObject Form content 
	option to extract complete font to filename
	
	
Validation:
	Should also offer VeraPDF Report (inlude Verapdf in application)
	

